Set up: Create github repo.
(done)a. install godot 4 on both laptops
(done)b. set up project folder
c. import assets
(done)ca. robot
(done)cb. tilemap

Enemy Concepts:
(done)1. Turret, mounted anywhere, walls, ceiling, floor.
(done)2. Big mech on treads with slow rocket boost, not for mobility but just to get to platforms
(done)3. Little drone that flies
(done)4. Basic human-form robot.



(done)1. Core gameplay
(done)a. Ghost movement
(done)b. Create robot with basic controls
(done)c. Possession ability
(done)d. Design a system that allows stats to transfer into new possessions and
smoothly hands-off controls between ghost and possession without deleting it

(done)2. Core room mechanics
(done)a. Create tileset and set layers
(done)b. When in ghost-form, room dims and possessable robots have higher contrast,
your ghost becomes visible as well as the evil ghosts in full opacity
(done)c. When in physical-form, all ghosts have less opacity and room is fully lit

(done)3. Player combat
(done)a. Create aiming system/mouse tracking
(done)b. Make bullet script or 2

(done)4. Robot enemies
(done)a. Create state system of idle, track, and attack
(done)b. Create movement functions
(done)c. Create shooting functions
(done)d. Create Player tracking functions

(done)5. Minions
(done)a. Add constant timer in ghost-state
(done)b. Coorelate minion spawns with timer
(done)3. Add player tracking and basic movement
(done)4. Add idle state

6. Environmental hazards



Intermission: By this point switching between ghost and robot state, combat with enemies,
minion behaviors in ghost-state, and a room or 2 should all be implemented for player testing.

Well I have 4 hours left until submission by this point. Fuck.

Anyway,, new todo list in order of most to least importance, hopefully I at least get to powerups.

(done-ish)1. Debug current state of the game
(no thanks)a. Debug pathfinding if you can even call it that (its not really)
(done)b. Debug bullet despawns on inactive robots

2. Touch up visuals
(done)a. Import permanent sprites for robots
b. Import permanent tileset
(done)c. Update animations where needed
d. Random colors for tileset per level

3. Import sounds
a. shoot noise
b. damage noise
c. other noises maybe. idk. i already mentioned the essentials. if i add powerups, import noise for that

4. Balance Combat
a. give enemy mechs missiles instead of bullets
b. give turrets heatsinking missiles instead of bullets
c. sort out health amounts and damage amounts

5. Add music
a. add menu music I've already made
b. make game music
c. add game music

6. Make rooms
With the rooms, we'll see how much time I have left, but probably just 10 for the game jam. After the game jam I can more fully expand upon the level system and redesign combat and stuff to where different levels have different unique mechanics that build upon each other.
But for now, 10 rooms. Probably scratch the randomness as well. Make it linear.

4. Add powerups/special abilities/rockets
a. temporary shield for turret + missile
b. missile for mech
c. speed boost for droid
d. nothin for robot, he dumb











